I bet you didn't know that
I could rap did ya?
I bet ya didn't know that
I got tracks did ya?
I only do it cause you didn't
think I can did ya?
I'm just a teacher with a plan tryin'
to plant some seeds up in ya, heart.
Cause from the start when we were kids
we were making art.
Pour out all our feelings on the page
tryin' to make our mark.
Said we need to stop the games
we can't reach the stars.
Can't forget the day they told us
grow up life is hard.
But that's where I come in,
just to mend, need a friend?
Let me lend a helping hand
I'll always be there when I can.
Just as long as I am able, set em down
lay your burdens on the table.
Pick up a brush, or a pen, then begin
to put your feelings on the page again.
Don't be scared, yeah it's hard,
but it's worth it in the end.
Expression is God's gift to men.
Just let yourself create again.
I bet you didn't guess that
I'm all love did ya?
I bet you didn't know that
you're enough did ya?
My heart is pouring out it's nothin'
but this love for ya.
I'm just a teacher with a plan,
Tryin' to plant some seeds up in ya.
Don't be afraid, take a breath,
it ain't about the grade.
As long as something deep inside
of you is what you made.
I want a window to your soul so you
can drop the facade. I'm not your moms.
You can be as real as real with me,
I'm not popping off. I'll call your bluff.
Push you past your comfort zone
cause I never give up.
Until you start growing up, but not the
way that they told you before.
I don't care, no matter what
I'll never show you the door.
You can reach the stars if
you never ever give up.
You can be a star too,
cause you shine bright enough.
I bet you didn't guess that
I'm all love did ya?
I bet you didn't know that
you're enough did ya?
My heart is pouring out it's
nothing but this love for ya.
I'm just a teacher with a plan,
tryin' to plant some seeds up in ya.